feat(displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf.mdx): add documentation for the Recommendation Shelf feature (#2904)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Recommendations/integrating-product-recommendations-in-headless-or-faststore-web-stores.md

![shelf-recommendation](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/shelf-recommendation___403f15739cf14318a5b9ad8f16582d71.gif)

> > ℹ️ This guide is for custom headless storefronts and for FastStore stores that build a fully custom recommendation experience by calling the Recommendations API directly. If your store is built with FastStore and you just want to display a recommendation shelf, use the native [Recommendation Shelf section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf) instead, which handles session start, fetching, rendering, and Activity Flow tracking through CMS configuration, with no code. For mobile apps, see [Integrating product recommendations in mobile stores](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/integrating-product-recommendations-in-mobile-stores).

Reviewer: a url fica https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf mesmo ou apenas https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf ?

Author: Fica https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf

Os guias que ficam na seção [Storefront features](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-overview) acabam levando o nome da seção na slug

> > ℹ️ This guide is for custom headless storefronts and for FastStore stores that build a fully custom recommendation experience by calling the Recommendations API directly. If your store is built with FastStore and you just want to display a recommendation shelf, use the native [Recommendation Shelf section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf) instead, which handles session start, fetching, rendering, and Activity Flow tracking through CMS configuration, with no code. For mobile apps, see [Integrating product recommendations in mobile stores](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/integrating-product-recommendations-in-mobile-stores).

Reviewer: adicionar link para a recommendations api https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/recommendations-bff-api

> > ℹ️ This guide is for custom headless storefronts and for FastStore stores that build a fully custom recommendation experience by calling the Recommendations API directly. If your store is built with FastStore and you just want to display a recommendation shelf, use the native [Recommendation Shelf section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf) instead, which handles session start, fetching, rendering, and Activity Flow tracking through CMS configuration, with no code. For mobile apps, see [Integrating product recommendations in mobile stores](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/integrating-product-recommendations-in-mobile-stores).

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ This guide is for custom headless storefronts and for FastStore stores that build a fully custom recommendation experience by calling the [Recommendations API](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/recommendations-bff-api) directly. If your store is built with FastStore and you just want to display a recommendation shelf, use the native [Recommendation Shelf section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/storefront-features-displaying-product-recommendations-with-recommendation-shelf) instead, which handles session start, fetching, rendering, and Activity Flow tracking via CMS configuration, with no code required. For mobile apps, see [Integrating product recommendations in mobile stores](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/integrating-product-recommendations-in-mobile-stores).
```
